this is Yahweh's deck profile
second-place national cable swamp
whether you play with us because I had
so many exams I didn't want to think so
i'll just like the doctor cause I
thinking and it's a great medicine
grants madrigals again striking the
memos which I played one I played one
dragon into it and one member on top
card and that didn't go out the way I
planned good mythical a bit three of
this guy this guy's really good he's
like 19 15 bits of armor and five fish
everything is this guy is broken in this
day I top deck this guy like 70 time
like twice can scoot off and once it
gets me a barracuda and like so I stop
take this guy got really lucky on Swiss
by to this guy is really good but I
didn't want three so much of 1i use a
normal summon and yeah I don't really
like to just go I used to like him like
three of this guy yeah yeah currently
apparently I'm you can't bottomless this
guy and yeah cuz I try pollen is in the
mirror and he's so good as additional
something I'm like damn this card
this card it's what about it so I just
why'd you play from the king Oh cause
your logic I don't know it's just a
single on searchable card it stops it's
a back row heavy deck so if I get on the
King full backer then I'm probably
willing to collect your alternative if
you don't
feeling more yeah but I've never opened
this guy is it goes like his I've
been this guy like so many times I quite
often so I got really lucky with this
guy yeah except in the last honestly so
I opened just go to Ilya robes and I was
like damn I need plates ooh it was
really good i can excited and not fear
back fro i played that's my fourth cast
off white 3 this guy hated it it was
awful I wish they were a match case I
might show this guy and yeah it was
really good it get to you cuz going
every day there's one catch inside out
right away did you ever get blown up by
a mistake nope what I did a lot was just
flipping face off and the MST I'm like
okay and they're like when you're
returning today I'm not activating it
i'm just looking at face off no I
thought okay mind games my games is how
you been huffing play three fingers
changed it was really good so my
fiendish record breakers they stopped an
attack which is really cool because like
half your piece of shits are really weak
like manticores really
and I played all rogue so this is like
better the road like module shows and
like that played one mirror force
and I wish I played to apply two
vanities and I wonderful i'm actually
just key beetle vanities and i probably
bored and play three but two is good
play to deepers in and do not regret
play two black horn i played one by my
side once german i want to get into
drama of a translation at card was
broken by two white abs really good
stuffing giga gear it's all morning
black on all the other they have
weirder I play one I play more if I had
more super ones actually play too and
like never activate the second one so
don't ever find out hide one good like
one cuz anyway if i want i played one
because i think this got a little more
tissue um actually play one sole charge
if i had it's okay to outlaw second side
but like triple MST wish that were in
the main then I decide three more cards
late one just got really good into my
mouth
she never came up though I did against
Chris Hansen I I said it and was like
and Chuck ending main Faison use I
sphere so I just flip this and enter
battle phase yeah I play ones are called
for when I run by second it gets a lot
of matchups that I won't deal with
monsters like dragons i won ceasefire
never came up because my magic never
went to time or anywhere near time but
I'd always have it full divulge it was
that game theory and trash slow-playing
the time no I'd rather like literally
just get out of the tournament as quick
as I can so I finish my matches or
before like 20 minutes it was like when
you have TV division easy games gonna
last like two times max and I'd have it
because everyone's soul charge of
selecting million like when Scutaro was
like sole charge 45 million i was
looking at my feet are on fire since i
win the game right now but I don't know
this was like the signs in the mirror
anyway I want the mirror out or loss of
memory anomaly he attacked into my own
or some why I checked into my
keyboard I feel an urge to Destin and I
want i neva she played more than more ah
probably not or maybe but I guess I got
lucky and had it when I had it like in
retrospect would you prefer to
opportunity it was either missed one
mistake or the second prideful roar I
never played available but I think this
would have been decide this against
Firestar trouble I think I'm okay with
well if I didn't have MS TCR play more
play one matter what's all drain because
i hate vision to work with five beers
and 3d bump for everything that it
extra cowboy never use it voila never
used it to exit Ernst wish I had three
it's like the third one always comes on
I always want the third one you can make
it whenever you want you can protect a
pandemic it's good you can assure
current me on this one me so many games
want to get tats in a time want to get
Stanbury by not want to get answered and
talk I want to get there very what
against Peter I using every match of my
talk to this guy is really good if they
all have a hair in the graveyard but
don't have a total and you just send
their to the graveyard this guy's
never never played it Scott's good
counsel so good she's got his be a
giant hand if I had one by don't have
one it's got a number some of this this
guy was like the best card in the deck
with vanities that's good that's good
this car payment once again drawn by
East match me anyway and she played a
second okay baby no no I think the
second one ever came up like I would
never want the second one and I'd rather
healthier utility of being able to
summon this guy if I and usually just
win the game on that one gear be able
like it by the time they get rid of a
key beetle you've already gained so much
momentum in the game so you don't even
I'd rather have another card probably
would be a third accident if I played
this game ever again why this check ever
you I was at fault I guess I took it for
one night bahamas the finger and I was
leave it on top so when they look at my
they see oh no it's more like so they
can't see because if I see if I have a
tabella then they probably assume I'm
not playing dragons and if I of
something if they're it smaller they
seem to Allah or something don't know my
point try again and this doesn't give
away any day any closing thoughts on the
deck thanks are never would you
recommend i play this game don't play
the stack the deck so experienced up
dragon suck every deck socks thanks for
that sees closing was everything soft if
you want to do while until I met Chuck a
ship drink a lot of water pee a lot
really I'm not even kidding i felt so
good off the TV they want to do did
you read then free just miss article no
and don't get hammered the night people
see me me you go haven't I volunteer to
go
your alleged better student you I'm
topia roots to you